[MM-51909] Add horizontal scalability section for rtcd (#6614)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/calls-deployment.rst

In general, ``rtcd`` is the preferred solution for a performant and scalable deployment. With ``rtcd``, the Mattermost server will be minimally impacted when hosting a high number of calls.

Horizontal scalability
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The supported way to enable horizontal scalability for Calls is through a form of DNS based load balancing. This can be achieved regardless of how the ``rtcd`` service is deployed (barebone instance, Kubernetes or else).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported way to enable horizontal scalability for Calls is through a form of DNS based load balancing. This can be achieved regardless of how the ``rtcd`` service is deployed (bare bone instance, Kubernetes, or an alternate way).
```
